sign-up-sign-in-options: refactor doc (#1517)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options.mdx

For example, a passkey created in `localhost` will be associated with the `localhost` domain, and therefore, will not work with your app's [hosted Account Portal or sign-in pages](/docs/customization/account-portal//overview#account-portal-overview).

This won't affect production instances, as the production Account Portal is a subdomain of your app's domain.

### One-time password (OTP)

> When the OTP option is selected as an authentication strategy, users receive a one-time code to complete the sign-in process. OTPs are more secure than passwords, as they allow user verification without storing passwords in your database.

Reviewer: "One of the OTP options" is correct - see the following paragraph that lists more than one OTP option.

### Email link

> When the **Email verification link** option is selected as an authentication strategy, users receive an email with a link to complete sign-in. Email links can be used to sign up new users, sign in existing ones, or allow existing users to verify newly entered email addresses to their profile. Email links work on any device. There's no constraint on where the link can be opened. For example, a user might try to sign in from their desktop browser, but open the link from their mobile phone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the **Email verification link** option is selected as an authentication strategy, users receive an email with a link to complete the sign-in process. Email links can be used to sign up new users, sign in existing ones, or allow existing users to verify newly entered email addresses to their profile. Email links work on any device. There's no constraint on where the link can be opened. For example, a user might try to sign in from their desktop browser, but open the link from their mobile phone.
```

- **Email verification code**
- **SMS verification code**

These methods work similarly to their authentication strategy counterparts but are used for verifying identifiers rather than authentication. For example, when a user adds an email address to their profile, they can receive an **Email verification link** or **Email verification code** to verify the new email address.

To configure verification methods:

1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/email-phone-username) and select your application.
1. In the navigation sidebar, select **User & Authentication > Email, Phone, Username**.

> 1. Select the toggle switch icon next to the identifier, such as **Email address** or **Phone number**, to open the configuration settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the toggle icon next to the identifier, such as **Email address** or **Phone number**, to open the configuration settings.
```

1. In the **Authentication strategies** section, enable the toggle for the authentication methods you would like to use.

> 1. Select **Save** to save your changes.

Reviewer: The instructions were correct the first time. You are listing instructions for enabling authentication strategies, but this section is for verification methods. Please read the first and second paragraph to differentiate between authentication strategies and verification methods.

## Social connections (OAuth)

> Clerk offers several [social login providers](/docs/authentication/social-connections/overview) for use during sign-up and sign-in. This authentication option is appealing because users often don't need to enter additional contact information since the provider already has it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk offers several [social providers](/docs/authentication/social-connections/overview) for use during sign-up and sign-in. This authentication option is appealing because users often don't need to enter additional contact information since the provider already has it.
```

> Clerk's social login process is designed to be seamless. If an existing user attempts to sign up with a social provider, the system automatically switches to sign-in. Similarly, if a user tries to sign in with a social provider but doesn't have an account, Clerk will automatically create one.

Reviewer: let's say OAuth instead of social login - because its not just logging in, its also signing up.

```suggestion
Clerk's OAuth process is designed to be seamless. If an existing user attempts to sign up with a social provider, the system automatically switches to sign-in. Similarly, if a user tries to sign in with a social provider but doesn't have an account, Clerk will automatically create one.
```

{/* TODO: Is this too much to add? */}

Users can link multiple social providers to their account, depending on your application's setup. You can configure your application to use the [Account Portal User Profile page](/docs/customization/account-portal//user-profile-org-profile#user-profile), the prebuilt [`<UserProfile />`](/docs/components/user/user-profile) component, or [build your own custom user interface using the Clerk API](/docs/custom-flows/oauth-connections).

To enable social connections:

1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/social-connections) and select your application.
1. In the navigation sidebar, select **User & Authentication > Social connections**.
1. For development instances, you can simply toggle on the social providers you would like to enable. For production instances, you'll need to configure credentials for each social provider. Don't worry, there are [detailed guides](/docs/authentication/social-connections/overview) for each social provider to help you through the process.

## Web3 authentication

> Clerk provides [Web3 authentication](/docs/users/web3)with MetaMask. As part of validating the accuracy of the returned Web3 account address, Clerk handles the signing of a transaction and verifying the signature. Because sign-in with MetaMask uses the same abstraction as our other authentication factors, like passwords or email links, other Clerk features like multi-factor authentication and profile enrichment work for MetaMask users out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk provides [Web3 authentication](/docs/users/web3) with MetaMask. As part of validating the accuracy of the returned Web3 account address, Clerk handles the signing of a transaction and verifying the signature. Because sign-in with MetaMask uses the same abstraction as our other authentication factors, like passwords or email links, other Clerk features like multi-factor authentication and profile enrichment work for MetaMask users out-of-the-box.
```

## Multi-factor authentication

> Clerk supports multi-factor authentication (MFA), also known as two-factor authentication (2FA). Enabling MFA allows you to require users to complete a second verification step during sign-in. This enhances security by enforcing two different types of verification. Many websites offer this as an optional step, giving users control over their own security.

Reviewer: So enabling it doesn't force MFA for all users. They have to then turn it on for their account.

```suggestion
Clerk supports multi-factor authentication (MFA), also known as two-factor authentication (2FA). If a user enabled MFA for their account, they are required to complete a second verification step during sign-in. This enhances security by enforcing two different types of verification. Many websites offer this as an optional step, giving users control over their own security.
```

## Multi-factor authentication

> Clerk supports multi-factor authentication (MFA), also known as two-factor authentication (2FA). If a user enabled MFA for their account, they are required to complete a second verification step during sign-in. This enhances security by enforcing two different types of verification. Many websites offer this as an optional step, giving users control over their own security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk supports multi-factor authentication (MFA), also known as two-factor authentication (2FA). If a user enables MFA for their account, they are required to complete a second verification step during sign-in. This enhances security by enforcing two different types of verification. Many websites offer this as an optional step, giving users control over their own security.
```

- **Authenticator application (also known as TOTP - Time-based One-time Password)**
- **Backup codes**

> Enabling MFA allows users of your app to turn it on for their own accounts through their [User Profile](/docs/customization/account-portal//user-profile-org-profile#user-profile) page. Enabling MFA does not automatically activate MFA for all users.

Reviewer: The user profile can be accessed through the Account Portal user profile page, or the `<UserProfile />` component, or a custom flow. So let's just say "user profile page" here.

```suggestion
Enabling MFA in the Clerk Dashboard allows users of your app to turn it on for their own accounts through their user profile; it does not automatically activate MFA for all users.
```
